---
title: 'CADRE Outreach'
date: '05-10-2018 11:00'
---

A full bibiliogrpahy of CADRE's outreach acitivites since the beginning of its grant.

===

1. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Elevating Open Data: Building Open Environments for Data Stewardship in Research Libraries with CADRE.” Accepted for presentation at the 15th International Open Repositories Conference, Stellenboscg, South Africa, May 31, 2021.
2. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “CADRE Product Owner Council.” Presentation and meeting hosting to be delivered at the Product Owner Council Meeting 2020, Bloomington, Indiana, May 18, 2020. Via webcast.
3. Calvert, S., He, G., Higgins, D., Manjunatha, A., Payumo, J., and Yan, X. "Mapping Collaborations and Partnerships in SDG Research." CADRE Fellows Webinar Series. April 29, 2020. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/fellows-webinar-mapping-collaborations-and-partnerships-in-sdg-research](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/fellows-webinar-mapping-collaborations-and-partnerships-in-sdg-research)
4. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Empowering Data-Driven Research through an Open, Accessible Data Infrastructure.” Project Briefing accepted for presentation at the Coalition for Networked Information (CNI) Spring 2020 Membership Meeting. April 22, 2020. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/empowering-data-driven-research-through-an-open-accessible-data-infrastructure](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/empowering-data-driven-research-through-an-open-accessible-data-infrastructure).
5. Wagner, C. S., Xiaojing, C., and Yan X. "Assessing the Rise of China as a Scientific Nation." CADRE Fellows Webinar Series. April 6, 2020. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/fellows-webinar-assessing-the-rise-of-china-as-a-scientific-nation](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/fellows-webinar-assessing-the-rise-of-china-as-a-scientific-nation).
6. Hutchinson, M., Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Silva, F.N, Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “CADRE: A One-Stop Shop for Scholarly Data Access, Sharing, and Reproducible Computation.” Workshop presented at the CADRE Workshop Series, Bloomington, Indiana, February 10, 2020. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/cadre-workshop-iu](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/cadre-workshop-iu).
7. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment: A Big Data Solution for Research Libraries.” Poster Presentation presented at the Charleston (Library) Conference, Charleston, South Carolina, November 6, 2019.
8. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “CADRE: A Big Data Solution for Research Libraries.” Poster Presentation presented at the Midwest Big Data Hub All-Hands Meeting, Big Ten Conference Center, Rosemont, Illinois., October 29, 2019.
9. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “CADRE: A Platform for Enabling Research via Shared Data, Resources, and Community.” Demonstration presented at Science Gateways 2019, San Diego, California, September 23, 2019.
10. Börner, K., Hansen, S., Mabry, P.L., Min, C., Park, M., Pentchev, V., Otto, T., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. "CADRE: A Platform for Enabling Research via Shared Data, Resources, and Community (Workshop). International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics Conference. Rome, Italy. September 2, 2019. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/cadre-workshop](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/cadre-workshop).
11.  Bu, Y., Hutchinson, M., Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Silva, F. N., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. "CADRE: A Platform for Enabling Research via Shared Data, Resources, and Community (Tutorial). International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics Conference. Rome, Italy. September 2, 2019. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/rome](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/rome).
12. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Works in Progress Webinar: Democratizing Access to Large Datasets through Shared Infrastructure.” Webinar presented at the OCLC Works in Progress Series, Bloomington, Indiana, August 8, 2019. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/oclc-research-works-in-progress-webinar-series](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/oclc-research-works-in-progress-webinar-series).
13. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment.” Presentation presented at the Forum of Artificial Intelligence and Security, Dalian, China, May 17, 2019.
14. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment: Building a reproducible big data infrastructure for academic data” An invited talk at the 3rd Forum of Young Scholars, Nanjing University. Nanjing, Jiangsu, China. May 8, 2019.
15. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “CADRE: Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment.” Webinar presented at the Data Sharing & Cyberinfrastructure Working Group, Bloomington, Indiana, May 3, 2019. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYIJjlheIzo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYIJjlheIzo).
16.  Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “CADRE Product Owner Council.” Presentation and meeting host at the Product Owner Council Meeting 2019, Rosemont, Illinois, April 29, 2019.
17. Hutchinson, M., Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “CADRE: A New Model for Shared Big Data Infrastructure in Academic Libraries.” Demonstration presented at the Open Science Forum, Bloomington, Indiana, April 24, 2019. [https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/open-science-forum-cadre-talk-and-demo](https://cadre.iu.edu/news-and-events/events/open-science-forum-cadre-talk-and-demo).
18. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Computational Research for Everyone: A New Model for Shared Big Data Infrastructure in Academic Libraries.” Lightning Talk presented at Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL) 2019, Cleveland, Ohio, April 10, 2019.
19. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment (CADRE): Mission and Vision of the Research Asset Commons.” An invited talk at the lab of Yong-Yeol “YY” Ahn, Ph.D., Associate Professor and Director of Undergraduate Studies, Informatics Center for Complex Networks and Systems Research, Luddy School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering, Indiana University, Bloomington, Indiana, March 29, 2019.
20. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “The Shared Big Data Gateway Project: Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment (CADRE).” Poster Presentation presented at ER&L 2019, Austin, Texas, March 5, 2019.
21. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “The Shared BigData-Gateway Project: Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment (CADRE).” Report presented at the American Library Association Midwinter Meeting, Seattle, Washington, January 25, 2019.
22.  Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment (CADRE).” An invited presentation to the Alpha Lab of the Dalian University of Technology, Dalian, China, December 24, 2018.
23.  Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “The Shared BigData-Gateway Project: Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment (CADRE).” Report to the Library Directors of the Big Ten Academic Alliance, Rosemont, Illinois, November 30, 2018.
24.  Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “The Shared Big Data Gateway (SBD-Gateway) Project: Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment (CADRE).” Poster Presentation presented at the Research Data Alliance 12th Plenary Meeting, Gaborone, Botswana, November 6, 2018.
25. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Shared BigDataGateway for Research Libraries.” Presentation presented at the Midwest Big Data Hub All-Hands Meeting, Columbus, Ohio, November 6, 2018.
26.Hutchinson, M., Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Serrette, B, Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X.  “The Shared Big Data Gateway (SBD-Gateway) Project: Collaborative Archive & Data Research Environment (CADRE).” Poster Presentation presented at the Midwest Big Data Hub All-Hands Meeting 2018, Columbus, OH, November 5, 2018.
27. Mabry, P.L., Pentchev, V., Van Rennes, R., Wittenberg, J.V., and Yan, X. “Shared BigData Gateway for Research Libraries.” Presentation and host of the Product Owner Committee Meeting 2018, Bloomington, Indiana, October 23, 2018.